# SDA_Individual Project
# Author  :  Sanskriti Bahl
# Roll number  :  045050
Dataset :  World Population by country till 2020

### Interpretation and Managerial Insights for Each Graph:

---

#### 1. Total Number of Countries (KPI)**
   - **Interpretation**:
     - The dataset includes data from **235 countries**.
   - **Managerial Insight**:
     - **Actionable Insight**: This global coverage offers
comprehensive insights, enabling cross-country comparisons and
identifying regional trends for strategic decision-making.

---

#### 2. **Average Fertility Rate (KPI)**
   - **Interpretation**:
     - The average fertility rate across countries is **2.69**.
   - **Managerial Insight**:
     - **Actionable Insight**: Countries with fertility rates above or
below the average may require specific policies. Higher rates could
signify growing populations, needing investment in infrastructure,
while lower rates could lead to aging population challenges.

---

#### 3. **Average Land (Square Km) (KPI)**
   - **Interpretation**:
     - The average land area per country is **326.27 square kilometers**.
   - **Managerial Insight**:
     - **Actionable Insight**: Smaller nations may face resource
constraints, whereas larger countries may need robust infrastructure
planning to ensure resource distribution and accessibility.

---

#### 4. **Country-wise Fertility Rate (World Map)**
   - **Interpretation**:
     - Fertility rates are visually represented, with darker colors
indicating higher fertility. Fertility rates appear higher in Africa
and parts of Asia and lower in Europe and North America.
   - **Managerial Insight**:
     - **Actionable Insight**: Regions with high fertility rates may
need investments in healthcare, education, and child welfare, while
regions with low fertility rates may focus on immigration policies or
incentives for families.



#### 5. **Urban Population by Country (Bar Chart)**
   - **Interpretation**:
     - Most countries have an urban population percentage between
**60-80%**, with few having extreme values.
   - **Managerial Insight**:
     - **Actionable Insight**: Countries with high urban populations
may prioritize urban planning and housing, while rural-focused nations
should invest in rural development and connectivity.



#### 6. **Number of Net Migrants (Line Chart)**
   - **Interpretation**:
     - Most countries have minimal net migration. A few outliers show
significant positive or negative migration values.
   - **Managerial Insight**:
     - **Actionable Insight**: Positive net migration could indicate
attractive economic opportunities or policies, whereas negative
migration may require addressing root causes like political
instability or lack of opportunities.



#### 7. **Median Age Country-wise (Bar Chart)**
   - **Interpretation**:
     - Countries like **Japan** and **Hungary** have the highest
median ages, while nations like **Niger** and **Somalia** have the
lowest.
   - **Managerial Insight**:
     - **Actionable Insight**: Older populations (higher median age)
may require investments in healthcare and pension systems, while
younger populations could focus on education, employment, and skill
development.



#### 8. **Country-wise Median Age with Respect to Fertility Rate (Bar Chart)**
   - **Interpretation**:
     - Countries with higher median ages tend to have lower fertility
rates, highlighting an inverse relationship.
   - **Managerial Insight**:
     - **Actionable Insight**: Policymakers can use this trend to
forecast demographic transitions. Nations with declining fertility and
higher median age may need to explore immigration or family-supportive
policies to maintain workforce levels.



### Summary
This dashboard provides a high-level overview of global demographic
and geographic trends. Insights can guide strategies for population
management, resource allocation, and policy development tailored to
urbanization, migration, fertility, and aging trends across different
regions.
